Privacy considerations WRT CID reuse (#33)
tlswg/dtls-rrc: draft-ietf-tls-dtls-rrc.md

cryptographically authenticated).  On-path adversaries can, in general, pose a
harm to connectivity.

When using DTLS 1.3, peers SHOULD avoid using the same CID on multiple network
paths, in particular when initiating connection migration or when probing a new

> network as described in {{path-validation}}, as an adversary can otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
network path, as described in {{path-validation}}, as an adversary can otherwise
```

correlate the communication interaction across those different paths.  DTLS 1.3
provides mechanisms to ensure that a new CID can always be used.  In

> general, an endpoint should proactively send RequestConnectionId to ask for new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
general, an endpoint should proactively send a RequestConnectionId message to ask for new
```

> CIDs as soon as the pool of spare CIDs is depleted (or below a threshold).

Author: ```suggestion
CIDs as soon as the pool of spare CIDs is depleted (or goes below a threshold).
```

Also, in case a peer might have exhausted available CIDs, a migrating endpoint
could include NewConnectionId in packets sent on the new path to make sure that
the subsequent path validation can use fresh CIDs.

> Note that this is not possible in DTLS 1.2 since CIDs have the same life-span

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that DTLS 1.2 does not offer the ability to request new CIDs during the session lifetime since CIDs have the same life-span
```

of the connection.  Therefore, deployments that use DTLS in multihoming
environments SHOULD refuse to use CIDs with DTLS 1.2

> and switch to DTLS 1.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and switch to DTLS 1.3 if the correlation privacy threat is a concern.
```

> environments and are concerned about that SHOULD refuse to use CIDs in DTLS 1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environments SHOULD refuse to use CIDs with DTLS 1.2
```
